Add documentation for v2.3 (#221)
ServiceNow/azimuth: docs/docs/getting-started/changelog.md

# Releases

## [2.3.0] - 2022-08-17

### Added
- Rows of Performance Analysis table now link to exploration page with filters applied, when the user clicks.
- Added visual bars to the similarity column in the semantically similar utterances.

> - New attribute in the config allows to change the thresholds to determine a short and long sentence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New attribute in the config allows users to change the thresholds that determine a short or long sentence.
```

### Fixed
- Fixed utterances table poorly showing ids greater than 9999.

> - Fixed filtering aggregation modules without post-processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed filtering of aggregation modules without post-processing.
```

- Fixed high_epistemic_uncertainty smart tag which wasn't showing in the UI.

> - Fixed crash when hitting `See more` until over 100 rows in Performance Analysis table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed crash when hitting `See more` when it would show over 100 rows in Performance Analysis table.
```
